## Hunt: Showdown - CPSC 304 Database Project

Our application represents a simplified model of the Hunt: Showdown equipment system, and also models locations and monster entities within the game. The database includes information about the different Hunters featured in the game, including the various traits that they can acquire. Each Hunter is expected to carry a firearm, and they may also choose to wield a tool and bring various consumables. Each firearm, tool and consumable all have different specifications and descriptions; firearms also require ammunition which may be of different types. Hunters may be located at different locations on the map, and at each location, there may be monsters that spawn. Names of the various locations, along with coordinates, are included in the databases. Information about the different monsters that spawn at each location are also modeled accordingly.

Our application allows users to view all data tables within the database including Hunters, Consumables, Firearms, etc. Additionally, users may insert tuples into the Trait table, delete tuples from the Consumable table, and update tuples of the Tool table based on user input. Additionally, we provided functionality to drop tables and reset the database utilizing our GUI to aid ease of use for presentation purposes. We also successfully implemented queries which allow for user input to demonstrate selection, projection, and joins. More complex queries involving aggregation with group by, aggregation with having, nested aggregation with group by, and division are hardcoded, but query based on meaningful inquiries a potential user might make. All backend implementations have been successfully linked with our frontend and as such, all functionality may be demoed via our GUI. We also took the extra step and made an effort to polish up the appearance of our application utilizing CSS.
  
  Our application uses PHP with HTML and CSS integrated, as well as Oracle SQL. 
